Add 11e+++ for extras (#1060)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-guidelines.md

## <article-11><incidents><incidents> Article 11: Incidents

- 11e+) [CLARIFICATION] Since an appeal is not guaranteed to be successful, the competitor may choose to keep the timer running while appealing it, and resume the solve when appropriate.
- 11e++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should record the reason(s) for the extra attempt (e.g. on the back of the score sheet).
- 11e+++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should use stronger discretion when granting an extra attempt after the original attempt is finished. The extra attempt should be granted on very exceptional circumstances.

> - 11e++++) [REMINDER] The attempt is finished after the competitor checks the recorded result and signs on the score sheet (see [Regulation A7c](regulations:regulation:A7c)).

Author: ```suggestion
- 11e++++) [REMINDER] The attempt is finished after the competitor checks the recorded result and signs on the score sheet (see [Regulation A7c](regulations:regulation:A7c)).
- 11e+++++) [ADDITION] If the WCA Delegate does not have time to investigate this claim during the competition, they should grant the competitor a provisional extra.
```

## <article-11><incidents><incidents> Article 11: Incidents

- 11e+) [CLARIFICATION] Since an appeal is not guaranteed to be successful, the competitor may choose to keep the timer running while appealing it, and resume the solve when appropriate.
- 11e++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should record the reason(s) for the extra attempt (e.g. on the back of the score sheet).

> - 11e+++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should use stronger discretion when granting an extra attempt after the original attempt is finished. The extra attempt should be granted on very exceptional circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 11e+++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should use stronger discretion when granting an extra attempt after the original solve is finished. The extra attempt should be granted on very exceptional circumstances.
```

Should've noticed earlier, but still. Explanation: the regulation itself is about granting extras when the competitor is appealing before finishing the attempt, current wording doesn't make sense at all; the original wording with the `solve` I suggested internally is to prevent a situation like [this](https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/incidents/69).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 11e+++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should use stronger discretion when granting an extra attempt after the solve is finished. The extra attempt should be granted only in exceptional circumstances.
```
- attempts not solves are replace by extras so 'original' doesn't seem meaningful in this context
- update for clearer English
- 'very exceptional' suggests an extremely high burden for granting such an extra that is at odds with the first sentence. I believe merely 'exceptional' is sufficient for the stress that needs to be granted here

- 11e++++) [REMINDER] The attempt is finished after the competitor checks the recorded result and signs on the score sheet (see [Regulation A7c](regulations:regulation:A7c)).

> - 11e+++++) [ADDITION] If the WCA Delegate does not have time to investigate this claim during the competition, they should grant the competitor a provisional extra.

Author: ```suggestion
- 11e+++++) [ADDITION] If the WCA Delegate does not have time to investigate this claim during the competition, they should grant the competitor a provisional extra.
- 11e++++++) [ADDITION] An extra attempt is considered to be done at the time that the original solve happened. For example, if a round was originally scheduled for January 21st, and a competitor receives an extra on January 22nd, the extra solve is considered to be done on January 21st.
- 11e+++++++) [RECOMMENDATION] If an extra attempt is given for a round after a subsequent round has finished, and the extra attempt causes the competitor to advance to the next round, the competitor should not compete in the subsequent round, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
```

@Jambrose777 how does 11e++++++ (maybe it's better to restructure 11e given how many +s there are) change sound for #1048 and #1074?

- 11e+) [CLARIFICATION] Since an appeal is not guaranteed to be successful, the competitor may choose to keep the timer running while appealing it, and resume the attempt when appropriate.
- 11e++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should record the reason(s) for the extra attempt (e.g. on the back of the score sheet).

> - 11e+++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should use stronger discretion when granting an extra attempt after the solve is finished. The extra attempt should be granted on very exceptional circumstances.

Author: ```suggestion
- 11e+++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should use stronger discretion when granting an extra attempt after the original attempt is finished. The extra attempt should be granted on very exceptional circumstances.
- 11e++++) [REMINDER] The attempt is finished after the competitor checks the recorded result and signs on the score sheet (see [Regulation A7c](regulations:regulation:A7c)).
```

> - 11e+) [CLARIFICATION] Since an appeal is not guaranteed to be successful, the competitor may choose to keep the timer running while appealing it, and resume the attempt when appropriate.

Author: ```suggestion
- 11e+) [CLARIFICATION] Since an appeal is not guaranteed to be successful, the competitor may choose to keep the timer running while appealing it, and resume the solve when appropriate.
```
